Small tweaks to home page (#475)
solid/solidproject.org: pages/home.md

        />
      </figure>
      <p class="subtitle has-text-centered is-size-4 is-size-3-tablet is-size-2-desktop">
      Developing Web standards that

>       enables people to control their data. 

Author: I think "control their data" would encapsulate "choose the applications and services to use with it."  

Alternatively, we could reword the second half to: ", including which applications/services can access their data."

Reviewer: I am missing the word "choice" though; very important to Solid.

Author: 👍  - will try to work that back in the next patch

Author: Gave it a shot - but not sure if what I have is quite right.

Author: Resolving this since below comment address this further.

>       enables people to control their data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      enable people to control their data. 
```
but perhaps better
```suggestion
      empower people to control their data. 
```
or
```suggestion
      empower people to take control of their data. 
```

>         Developing Web standards that empower people to take control of their
>         data, including choosing how your data is used.

Reviewer: The current suggestion switches from third person to second person. I also think it's quite verb-heavy (developing / empower / take / choosing / used).

Completely different suggestion, more as a tagline:

```suggestion
        Solid: your data, your choices.<br>
        Empowering people via Web standards.
```

Since all the rest of the info is mentioned below. And "Solid" wasn't on the front page yet.

Reviewer: BTW we need to be consistent in Web or web. I prefer the former, but I don't mind either way. It's just written differently below.

Author: 100% agree that the suggestion became way too verb-heavy and just long in general.  And I'm totally pro-tagline - but I wonder whether we need to explicitly state that the solid is a project that's developing web the standards?  It's kind of implied through "via Web standards" but it would be nice (maybe?) if a reader  could have get a of what the solid project is, instead of just the desired results(maybe?)

Author: Oh - good catch on Web vs. web.  Will do a search on the site so that we're consistent.

Reviewer: > Empowering people by advancing Web standards.

or any other verb?

Author: that works.

Author: Resolving this as we've continued the thread via https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org/pull/475#discussion_r555289643.

      </p>
      <div class="buttons is-centered">
        <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/about" class="button is-primary  is-large"> 

>           Learn about Solid

Author: Changed the button per discussion to the About page.

I moved the Pod button below (but, I also tried it as the middle button and it wasn't bad either).

Reviewer 2: Learn more Button might look a bit better and stand out against the other one with an alternate color

        />
      </figure>
      <p class="subtitle has-text-centered is-size-4 is-size-3-tablet is-size-2-desktop">
        Developing Web standards that empower people to take control of their

>         data, including choosing how your data is used.

Author: @RubenVerborgh  - wasn't sure whether to go with:

- "choosing how your data is used"
- or a more specific "choosing the applications that can access your data"
- or whether a different choice all together.

(Note: I did in the Pod section below mention the choosing the applications)

Reviewer 2: At this point I feel like the previous version is most viable, possibly with @kay-kim's suggestion of changing "Using" to "Developing". So change: "Using Web standards to let people control their data, and choose the applications and services to use with it." to "Developing Web standards to let people control their data, and choose the applications and services to use with it."

Author: I'm good with whichever you all decide (as I'm sure, we'll refresh this page as the project moves along - and people's familiarity with/awareness of Solid changes).

Author: @justinwb / @RubenVerborgh --
trying out couple of options from this thread and [this other thread](https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org/pull/475/files#r554880483) - (Apologies for the wonky review with comments everywhere - am used to a different tool for reviews, so wasn't sure the rules for resolving, commenting, etc.)

 The middle button to Ongoing Work links to https://solid.github.io/specification/ page.

<img width="1271" alt="Screen Shot 2021-01-11 at 2 27 41 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2126636/104228742-48f71500-5419-11eb-91d9-95828edb4332.png">

<img width="1455" alt="Screen Shot 2021-01-11 at 2 24 58 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2126636/104228740-485e7e80-5419-11eb-9585-4669ac0ea26f.png">

Author: Oh .. and not wedded to having all three buttons either.

Author: drat - missed mentioning Solid up here at the blurb.  Well, for now, imagine that we spell out Solid on these two and once we decide on something (could be none of the above), will make sure to include Solid: in whatever we choose.

Reviewer: There's potential in the first. How about we turn it around?

> Your data, your choices.
> Advancing Web standards to empower people.

And prefix either of those lines with "Solid: "?
Because only we know what the S means.

The second is too long for me.

Author: <img width="1114" alt="Screen Shot 2021-01-11 at 2 59 55 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2126636/104232062-c4f35c00-541d-11eb-970b-2a10bc5b039b.png">

<img width="979" alt="Screen Shot 2021-01-11 at 3 00 19 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2126636/104232064-c58bf280-541d-11eb-9dc6-64f09ee946a5.png">

Reviewer: The preview helps! I like 2.

Author: Will submit a patch with #2 and give Justin a chance to weigh in.

Author: patch is up now (squashed and rebased just to make future merge easier).

Author: Heh -- apparently, I really wasn't wedded to having the 3 buttons:
- Put back the Get a Pod
- Removed the About Solid -- realized that page already had 2 links to About
- Removed the Ongoing Work. 

Ultimately, what I would like is each section below have a button that takes people somewhere interesting.  So, my latest patch is below (where I added a button to the specification repo  in the interoperability section).  Later on, would like to rework the sections we show here (as well as rework the bottom "Solid creates ..." panel into a section and have that go somewhere else) once we have enough pages for people to land.

<img width="693" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-03 at 10 56 30 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2126636/106843085-33b98300-6673-11eb-9104-8bf984f1c832.png">

Reviewer 2: Agree with @RubenVerborgh on the second option. Only thought I have on the tagline is whether to make "choices" singular -> "choice". I'm not opposed to plural but wonder if singular carries more weight as something you do, vs. something you've done.

A few additional thoughts / suggestions:

- The first about block was adjusted and the get a pod action item is repeated. Our top problem has historically not been that people can't get pods, but that people don't know what Solid is. I think we want this section to focus on two specific destinations: 1) Learn More (linking to about). 2) Read the specification (linking to https://solidproject.org/TR/) - note that any links to spec documentation should go there now rather than solid.github.io.

- Considering moving the "Get your own pod" under "Store anything" - the current Application list needs to be vetting. Many of those are broken, so we were avoiding the spotlight until they're cleaned up. Could also opt to have no action there for now.

- _Read the Interoperability Spec and Other Standards_ feels like a lot to text to pack into that button. Maybe just "Read the Specifications"?

Author: Thanks @justinwb.  

- Choice vs Choices -- I'm also okay with either one.
- About the Learn More ... and linking to About Page... (And thanks for heads up on the new link to TR 👍 ) 
  -  I'm kind of thinking that the landing page should quickly cover what Solid is as opposed to having readers go to the About page immediately above the fold.  Because to have people go to another page immediately minimizes the value of this page (that is, why even have users land on this page).  
  - I guess I'm also curious if the About page is actually answering the question (I mean, even w/o the button - we link to it 3 times on that page).  That is, I kind of feel like just having the links to the About page and the specs ... they still kind of skirt around the issue of having our readers infer or deduce what it is rather than explicitly state what Solid is.  For me personally, I think of Solid in two ways (these may be a bit simplistic, but eh ... 😄 - probably should mention a bit about Solid applications in the ecosystem section but am spitballing here at the moment) 
  - Solid is a project that envisions an ecosystem where
     - people store their data in Pods.
     - people can decide which applications can access their data. They can also revoke access to their data.
  - Underlying this ecosystem are the Solid specifications. These determine the behavior of Pods and applications such that people can use their data seamlessly across different applications and services.
  
- The "Store anything"  link to the Apps ... Heh, am totally on board with you w.r.t. the state of the Applications page. but, although the Applications page needs some care, it did seem like after people get a Pod, we kind of leave people hanging with "Now what."  (Also, thought maybe having the link may cause us to start cleaning up the App page in my passive-aggressive way 😄 )  But it could be that if we have the first section talk about Solid (what it is), then can defiinitely work in the Pod and store anything content together.
-  👍 on shortening the button caption to Read the Specifications.

Author: So ... I took a whack at adding some kind of definition of Solid to the first section and then merged the two Pod sections into one.  We could actually move the "Underlying ..." paragraph out from the first section - but wanted to give a general idea about defining Solid on the first page.
(updated the Specifications link - both text and target).

https://deploy-preview-475--solidproject-dot-org.netlify.app/

              <img src="{{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/solid-pod-tour.svg" alt="[]" />
            </figure>
          </div>

          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">Solid</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">

              <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/about">Solid</a> is a project that envisions an ecosystem where 
              people securely store their data in Pods, and applications can 
              access data from any Pod if they have 
              been granted access.
            </p>
            <p class="content is-large">

>               Underlying the ecosystem are the Solid specifications. The

Author: We could move the Underlying paragraph out to a different section - but I wanted to give a general idea of what I mean by having some definition of what Solid is on the first page.

            </figure>
          </div>
          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">

>             <h2 class="title">Pods: All your data, under your control</h2>

Author: Wanted to immediately bring up Pod - since it's central to all the blurbs in these sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <h2 class="title">Your pod: All your data, under your control</h2>
```

            <h2 class="title">Pods: All your data, under your control</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">
            <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/about">Solid</a> lets people store their 
            data securely in decentralized data stores 
            called <b>Pods</b>. Pods are like secure personal web servers for data.
            All data in a pod is accessible via the 

>             <a href="https://solid.github.io/specification/" target="_blank">Solid Protocol</a>.

Author: Not sure why this and the mention of Tim is in a section about Pods.  It just seemed clunky. 
I think if we want to call attention to the specs, that can be its own section.
And a mention of Tim can be part of either the top or bottom blurbs (but in normal size font).

Reviewer 2: My concern is that we continue to hide concrete details about solid, and then end up with the problem we started with: that people read the main page and have no idea what solid actually is.

Author: Oh - so, I don't mind if we mention Solid Protocol and link to the specifications - but I think the location is problematic as its appearance in this section is w/o any introduction.
What if at the top after we talk about the web standards, we have a button (to the Solid Protocol/Solid Specifications - do we have a preference?)

Author: Added a button "Ongoing Work" to point to https://solid.github.io/specification/ at the top.  See 
https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org/pull/475#discussion_r555289643

Author: Actually undid the Ongoing Work button.  Added that as a button to the section on interoperability standards.

>             People control who and what can access data stored in their Pods.</p>

Reviewer: "who and what" is unclear to me

Author: Updated to "who and what" to "persons and applications" (I also updated People to You since the section title is Your Pod)

            </figure>
          </div>
          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">Your pod: All your data, under your control</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">
              <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/about">Solid</a> lets you store your 
              data securely in decentralized data stores 

>               called <b>Pods</b>. Pods are like secure personal web servers for data.

Reviewer: There's a mismatch of singular/plural. _You_ store _your data_ in one _Pod_.

```suggestion
              called <b>Pods</b>. Pods are secure personal web servers for data.
```

>               You control how your data is used, choosing the persons and applications 
>               that can access your data.

Reviewer: Nit: we don't control _how_.

```suggestion
              You control who can use your data, choosing the people and apps 
              that can access it.
```

            </p>
            <div class="buttons">
              <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/users/get-a-pod" class="button is-large is-primary">

>                 Get a Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Get your own Pod
```

          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">Your pod: All your data, under your control</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">

>               <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/about">Solid</a> lets you store your 

Author: Since the title is "Your pod: All your data, under your control",  updated the subject in the paragraph to "You" instead of "People".

              data securely in decentralized data stores 
              called <b>Pods</b>. Pods are like secure personal web servers for data.

>               You control how your data is used, choosing the persons and applications 

Author: changed who and what to persons and applications.

          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">Store anything</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">

>               Any kind of data can be stored in a Solid pod, including regular files that you might store in a Google Drive or Dropbox folder. But it is the ability to store <b>Linked Data</b> that makes Solid special.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Any kind of data can be stored in a Solid pod, including regular files that you might store in a Google Drive or Dropbox folder. ~The ability to store <b>Linked Data</b> is what makes Solid special.
```

Author: Q:  is the tilde ~ in front of "The" just a typo?

Reviewer: typo; fixed

Author: Thank you!  Do you think that second sentence might work better if flipped? as in "... Google Drive or Dropbox folder.  What makes Solid special is the ability to store <strong>Linked Data</strong>."

          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">Store anything</h2>
            <p class="content is-large">

>               Any kind of data can be stored in a Solid pod, including regular files that you might store in a Google Drive or Dropbox folder. What makes Solid special is the ability to store <strong>Linked Data</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Any kind of data can be stored in a Solid pod, including regular documents that you might store in a Google Drive or Dropbox folder. What makes Solid special is the ability to store <strong>Linked Data</strong>.
```

But I'm not a big fan of this line. It's like: well, Drive or Dropbox won't let you store Linked Data, so come to Solid.

But people will be like: I never wanted to store Linked Data‽

Author: So ... are you all wedded to the notion of mentioning "Linked Data"  on this page?
Because, I agree with your comment below - that people are more interested in interoperability:

What makes Solid special is the ability to store data in a way that allows interoperability.

Then, we can just make the next section Interoperable data standards (and get away from Linked Data).

          </div>
          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">

>               Linked Data: Interoperable data standards

Author: I just wanted a little continuation from the other section where we introduce Linked Data.

Also, by sheer chance, this makes all the left hand titles be active verb phrases:

- Store anything
- Share it safely

and the left hand side, subject introductions:

- Pods: ...
- Linked Data: ...

Author: Heh - per later conversation, will remove reference to Linked Data.
Further discussion can be made on that patch.

            </h2>
            <p class="content is-large">
            Linked Data gives Solid 

>             a <b>common</b> way to describe things and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            a <strong>common</strong> way to describe things and 
```

>             their relationships to each other such that other people and 

Author: we were repeating "way"

>             applications can understand. This means that the data stored by Solid

Author: Using applications instead of machines for continuity since the next section mentions applications accessing data as well as the bottom blurb about ecosystem of applications and data.

          </div>
          <div class="column is-offset-1 is-5">
            <h2 class="title">
              Linked Data: Interoperable data standards
            </h2>
            <p class="content is-large">
            Linked Data gives Solid 
            a <strong>common</strong> way to describe things and 
            their relationships to each other such that other people and 

>             applications can understand. This means that the data stored by Solid

Reviewer: Can we reverse the sentence structure, with first the goal and then the means?
Because most won't care about Linked Data; they care about what we achieve with it.

> Solid ensures that _different_ apps can work with the _same_ data.

Author: Sure.  If amenable, could also take out the term "Linked Data"

Author: Updated to take out Linked Data for now.  Can, however, add a sentence For more information, see Linked Data (and link out).
